# HoopsFinder

######Introduction
Envision this scenario, you just got back from work and want to play a quick game of basketball, you head on down to your local court, however, you find out that a group of players have already claimed the court and are more skillful than yourself. Now imagine, for example, that you had an app that would have preemptively told you that this court was claimed and would have shown you all other courts in the area that weren't occupied. It would also show you courts in the area that are occupied by people who are similarly skilled to yourself and would show whether they are looking for people to join them or not. This essentially is what “Hoops Finder” will aim to do, by being an app that will show all sports grounds in the area and whether they are occupied or not and who is in particular occupying said area. It aims to be a true social experience, by not only finding empty places for people to play a particular sport on, but to match people together with a common interest and goal who otherwise would not have done so. This app taps into a rather unoccupied market and has the potential to be a very successful and useful app.

######Concept
This concept would be an app or web app that shows all of the local and nearby courts and sports fields. This would be a social media platform for sports players to post when and where they are going to play and whether there is a game currently happening at a certain court or field. Courts and fields could be anything from a gym to a PCYC or just a court or field at a local park. Users can even plan games 24 hours in advance; they can select a court or field and say they will be there at a certain time and other users can see that and join that user at the specified time. Users can rate other users at the end of the game and there is potential for an “MMR” system where users can record their wins and losses and move up ranks. Users can also message each other or comment on the courts or fields and have some friendly smack talk through the apps commenting system. They will also have the option to “dominate” a court or field by winning lots of games there. Courts and fields will have different colours for if there is a game happening right now (green) or if there are users scheduled to be there soon to start a game (red). Users can review each court or field on certain attributes, like the quality of the floor (concrete, asphalt, hardwood, grass, turf, etc...), the quality of the hoop/net/facilities, how many other people that are usually at the court or field, and whether it is a good place to get a pickup game. Players can also set a home court and will be able to integrate with other social media platforms so they can share whether there is a game happening or where they will be. The rationale behind this idea is that there is no current way to find out where your local courts and fields are and whether or not there will be people there. It aims to help peoples find people to play sports with that are a similar level to them and that are local.
